The only problem we really have is we think we're not supposed to have problems! Problems call us to higher level- - face & solve them now!
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Most people achieved their greatest success one step beyond what looked like their greatest failure.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
The human mind defines things in relation to one another - without light the notion of darkness would be unintelligible.
If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart.
Faith means believing the unbelievable.
Investing in yourself is the best investment you will ever make.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something; forgiveness, however, is for those who are substantial enough to move on.
Contemplation often makes life miserable.  We should act more, think less, and stop watching ourselves live.
Thinking is a habit, and like any other habit, it can be changed; it just takes effort and repetition.
Every limit is a beginning as well as an ending.
Life can be the scariest and most beautiful thing simultaneously.
The person who cannot control his words shows that he cannot control himself.
The secret of success lies not in doing your own work, but in recognizing the right man to do it.
Big people don't make people feel small.
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. 
Just trust that everything is unfolding the way it is supposed to. Don't resist... Great things are waiting for you around the corner.
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear.
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.
The less you try to impress, the more peaceful you can be.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Someday death will take us to another star.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
It ain't where you start in life, it's where you end up, and what you did along the way.
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
To be alive - is Power.
It is your attitude, not your aptitude, that determines your altitude.
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster. 
It's wise to tell the truth. It's even wiser to tell it kindly.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.  
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
When one door closes another door opens. 
If you can't, you must. If you must, you can.
It is not titles that honour men, but men that honour titles.
Make your stand today. On this spot. On this day.
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
Stop wasting time looking at someone else's reality while doing nothing about yours.
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Many answers to what you seek don't lie 'out there'. If you look inwards, you'll find the answer has been in you all along.
Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own. Imagination is a force that can actually manifest a reality.
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.