Embody what you teach, and teach only what you have embodied.
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
To forget the whole world is easy; to make the whole world forget you is hard.
The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Sometimes you will never know the value of something, until it becomes a memory.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
To share your weakness is to make yourself vulnerable; to make yourself vulnerable is to show your strength.
Truth is exact correspondence with reality. 
When you win, say nothing, when you lose say less.
Thinking is the hardest work there is. That is why so few people engage in it.
What the mind can conceive, it can achieve.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune or temporary defeat.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. 
The real meditation is how you live your life.
We never know how high we are till we are called to rise. Then if we are true to form our statures touch the skies.
Even if you stumble and fall down, it doesn't mean you've chosen the wrong path.
Without struggle, no progress and no result. Every breaking of habit produces a change in the machine.
Life is a series of choices and all we can do is make them.
Extraordinary results happen only when you give the best you have to become the best you can be at your most important work.
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future.
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Greatest success comes just one step beyond the point at which defeat overtakes you.
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.
A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities.
Everyday you can take a tiny step in the right direction.
Do not use life to give life to death. Do not use death to bring death to life.
The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so.
To live outside the law, you must be honest. 
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any.
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.  
The secret of life is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
My sun sets to rise again.
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength.
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
Nothing ever happened in the past that can prevent you from being present now; and if the past cannot prevent you from being present now, what power does it have?
The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness.
Falling down is not failure. Failure comes when you stay where you have fallen.
Let us rather run the risk of wearing out than rusting out.
The biggest adventure is what lies ahead.
The swift wind of compromise is a lot more devastating than the sudden jolt of misfortune. 
Don't just sit there. Do something. The answers will follow.
Good luck is opportunity meeting preparedness.
My guiding principle is this: Guilt is never to be doubted. 
Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished. If you're alive, it isn't.
If you can see it in your mind, you can hold it in your mind.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Unless someone truly has the power to say no, they never truly have the power to say yes.